windows/*: fix placeholders, flags and code descriptions (PR 1) (#7874)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/choco-info.md

# choco info

> Display detailed information about a package with Chocolatey.
> More information: <https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/choco/commands/info>.

- Print information for the specified package:

`choco info {{package_name}}`

> - Print information for the specified local package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print information for a specified local package:
```

`choco info {{package_name}} --local-only`

- Get package information from the specified source:

`choco info {{package_name}} --source {{source_url|source_alias}}`

> - Provide the username and the password for authentication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide a specific username and password for authentication:
```
